XML RESUME LIBRARY - Development System

This is the developer's layout for the source of the XML
Resume Library.  If you're seeing this file, it's
assumed you know CVS, Ant, XML, XSL, and are generally
aware of what you're doing.

The Ant build.xml File
======================

The build.xml file describes this project to the Ant
build system.  If you don't yet have Ant, you can get a
copy from http://jakarta.apache.org/ant/.  You can then
run "ant -projecthelp" to see a list of what's possible
for this project.

A useful alias for ant is "ant -find build.xml".  This
causes Ant to search upwards through a directory tree to
find the build.xml file instead of looking for it in
just the current directory.

Properties
==========

You can define properties to override the defaults in
the build.xml file by creating a .ant.properties file in
your home directory.

Currently, there's just one interesting property to override:

- resume.web.publish.dir

  This property indicates the directory into which we publish any
  web-accessible files from the system, such as the resume DTD.
  This property is used during "ant install".

Getting Help
============

If you want to know what each of the Ant targets do, run

   ant -projecthelp

Cutting a Release
=================

To make a new release of the XML Resume Library,
suitable for public distribution and consumption, do the
following:

1. Make sure everything works.  Try validating and
   formatting the example resumes and your own.

2. Update the version number in the build.xml file by
   editing the two propeties "version.underscore" and
   "version.dots".

3. Run "cvs commit" to commit your changes to CVS.
   Check for any merge problems, and merge and test
   again if necessary.

4. Tag the release with "cvs tag X.Y.Z" where X.Y.Z is
   the version number.

5. Run "ant release" to create the ZIP and TGZ archives.

6. Run "ant publish" to publish the new release to the
   web server.

7. Upload the ZIP and TGZ archives to
   ftp://ftp.sourceforge.net/pub/incoming/

8. Add a new release to the SourceForge project page.

Cleaning Up
===========

To clean up files generated after a release, run "ant
clean".

Formatting the Examples
=======================

Formatting the example resumes from the developer's
edition requires a "make" command line that redefines
the FO_STYLE, TEXT_STYLE, and HTML_STYLE symbols to
point to the development area's copies and not the
official copies via http.  Here's a sample invocation:

make HTML_STYLE=../www/xsl/html.xsl \
     FO_STYLE=../www/xsl/us-letter.xsl \
     TXT_STYLE=../www/xsl/text.xsl \
     RESUME=my-test \
     clean \
     all

This formats my-test.xml into all three possible
formats.
