Category Filter for XMLResume
Author: Mark Miller <joup@bigfoot.com>

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Note (by Bruce Christensen)

This file refers to the "categories" attribute. I've renamed this to "targets".
Also, the "and" operator has been changed from colon (:) to plus (+).
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PURPOSE:
--------

To allow a user to maintain a single, *complete* resume.xml file that 
represents a complete career/academic record, while allowing for 
the simple creation of targetted resumes.

Consider the following snippet of a resume:

          <skills>
            <skill>C/C++</skill>
            <skill>Perl</skill>
            <skill>Eiffel</skill>
            <skill>MIPS Assembly</skill>
            <skill>VHDL</skill>
          </skills>

The problem here is that the user needs to maintain a record of each 
skill, but doesn't need to tell a potential employer about all of those 
skills.  The user can thus selectively comment out the resume, but this 
can be tedious.  Instead, the user can use attributes to describe which 
categories of resume a given element applies to:

          <skills>
            <skill categories="cs">C/C++</skill>
            <skill categories="admin">Perl</skill>
            <skill categories="cs:academic">Eiffel</skill>
            <skill categories="cs,hw">MIPS Assembly</skill>
            <skill categories="hw">VHDL</skill>
          </skills>
...

This way, the user can create a "hw" (hardware) resume that doesn't
include her vast knowledge of perl, without having to edit her resume each
time.  Skills that may apply to more than one category can be assigned to
multiple categories using a comma (,) or a pipe (|).  Skills that apply
only to a conjunction of resumes (eg, an academic resume in the field of
computer science) can be denoted by a colon (:) (I tried ampersand 
initially, but that is a special character for xml).

TECHNICAL OVERVIEW:
-------------------
This package contains three classes

* Filter, a front-end class that only exists to run main()

* FileWriterHandler (extends org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler), a class 
that writes events to a file

* CategoryFilter (extends org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLFilterImpl), which 
filters a resume based on the "categories" attribute of its elements

USING:
------

java net.sourceforge.xmlresume.filter.Filter [--verbose] -in resume.xml \
-out resume.tmp [category1 [category2 [...]]]

COMMENTS:
---------

If an element has no categories attribute, it will be included by 
default-- this should reduce the amount of extra typing people do.  I 
suppose this behavior could be enabled/disabled by a command-line option, 
but I haven't seen the value of that yet.

Most of the time, elements will be assigned to categories using logical 
OR-- for example, having knowledge of Perl applies to programming jobs as 
well as IT/sysadmin jobs, so it should be included if either "cs" or 
"admin" is listed on the command line.

Less common (I think) is the case where logical AND is required.  This is 
where the ":" comes in, and it's rather clunky.  I thought about using "^" 
as well, but basically flipped a coin and chose ":".  Comments/suggestions 
appreciated.

To make the parsing simple, I don't consider any sort of grouping 
hierarchy such as parentheses or brackets.  Instead, a compound boolean 
statement is parsed in disjunctive form-- for example, 

A:B:C|D|E:F|G:H|

is parsed as

((A AND B AND C) OR D OR (E AND F) OR (G AND H))

Since I doubt a user will really need anything as complex as the above
example, I went with this simple scheme, and it works fairly well for me.

My choice of "categories" as the default attribute was also arbitrary, 
other possibilities were includeIn, resumeTypes, targets, ...  If anyone 
feels strongly about one or the other, please let me know.
